README.md, before:

# Rust Projects

This repo is made of 3 projects:

1. [**Hello Cargo**](#hellocargo): A quick intro to Rust syntax.
2. [**Guessing Game**](#guessing): A hands-on introduction to the Rust language.
3. [**Minigrep**](#minigrep): A simple version of the classic command line tool grep.

## <a name="hellocargo"></a> 1) Hello Cargo

A quick intro to Rust syntax.

[See 01-hello-cargo folder](https://github.com/solygambas/rust-projects/tree/main/01-hello-cargo)

### Features

- installing Rustup, [Rust for Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rust-lang.rust) and [Even Better TOML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tamasfe.even-better-toml).
- setting up a project with Cargo.
- printing and formatting strings.
- handling variables.
- discovering primitive types.
- playing with strings, tuples, arrays and vectors.
- rendering conditionals.
- using loops, functions and pointer references.
- creating custom data types with structs.
- defining enums.
- grabbing args from CLI.

Based on [Rust Crash Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zF34dRivLOw) by Brad Traversy (2019).

## <a name="guessing"></a> 2) Guessing Game

A hands-on introduction to the Rust language.

[See 02-guessing-game folder](https://github.com/solygambas/rust-projects/tree/main/02-guessing-game)

### Features

- handling user input with the io library.
- adding rand from [crates.io](https://crates.io/) as a dependency.
- generating a secret number.
- comparing the guess to the secret number.
- allowing multiple guesses with looping.
- quitting after a correct guess.
- handling invalid input.

Based on [The Rust Programming Language](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/) by Steve Klabnik and Carol Nichols (2021).

## <a name="minigrep"></a> 3) Minigrep

A simple version of the classic command line tool grep.

[See 03-minigrep folder](https://github.com/solygambas/rust-projects/tree/main/03-minigrep)

### Features

- accepting command line arguments.
- reading a file.
- refactoring to improve modularity and error handling.
- developing the library’s functionality with Test-Driven Development (TDD).

Based on [The Rust Programming Language](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/) by Steve Klabnik and Carol Nichols (2021).

Commit message:

add env variables and eprintln!!

README.md, after:

# Rust Projects

This repo is made of 3 projects:

1. [**Hello Cargo**](#hellocargo): A quick intro to Rust syntax.
2. [**Guessing Game**](#guessing): A hands-on introduction to the Rust language.
3. [**Minigrep**](#minigrep): A simple version of the classic command line tool grep.

## <a name="hellocargo"></a> 1) Hello Cargo

A quick intro to Rust syntax.

[See 01-hello-cargo folder](https://github.com/solygambas/rust-projects/tree/main/01-hello-cargo)

### Features

- installing Rustup, [Rust for Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rust-lang.rust) and [Even Better TOML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tamasfe.even-better-toml).
- setting up a project with Cargo.
- printing and formatting strings.
- handling variables.
- discovering primitive types.
- playing with strings, tuples, arrays and vectors.
- rendering conditionals.
- using loops, functions and pointer references.
- creating custom data types with structs.
- defining enums.
- grabbing args from CLI.

Based on [Rust Crash Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zF34dRivLOw) by Brad Traversy (2019).

## <a name="guessing"></a> 2) Guessing Game

A hands-on introduction to the Rust language.

[See 02-guessing-game folder](https://github.com/solygambas/rust-projects/tree/main/02-guessing-game)

### Features

- handling user input with the io library.
- adding rand from [crates.io](https://crates.io/) as a dependency.
- generating a secret number.
- comparing the guess to the secret number.
- allowing multiple guesses with looping.
- quitting after a correct guess.
- handling invalid input.

Based on [The Rust Programming Language](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/) by Steve Klabnik and Carol Nichols (2021).

## <a name="minigrep"></a> 3) Minigrep

A simple version of the classic command line tool grep.

[See 03-minigrep folder](https://github.com/solygambas/rust-projects/tree/main/03-minigrep)

### Features

- accepting command line arguments.
- reading a file.
- refactoring to improve modularity and error handling.
- developing the library’s functionality with Test-Driven Development (TDD).
- working with environment variables.
- writing error messages to standard error instead of standard output.

Based on [The Rust Programming Language](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/) by Steve Klabnik and Carol Nichols (2021).
